Hello there!

I'm so excited for this photoshoot! I like to send a little email to solidify all the details so that we're on the same page and you guys get the photos that you want. So with that in mind I like to ask a few questions.

Concept:
Did you have a concept in mind for the photoshoot? I was thinking since your website describes you as sort of an alt-rock/country cross we could play around with that a bit. That would include some standard "country pics" along with some edgier picturesssssssssssssssssss to show off the alt-rock side. I only know a little bit of who you guys are as a band and where you want to go so PLEASE let me know in a big long paragraph who you guys are and your hopes for the future. :)

Locations:
Some of the locations I was thinking about are a grass field (which is such a country picture thing!), Spiderhouse, Uncommon Objects, and maybe a farmer's market. Timing wise, grass field would be at or around dawn, Spiderhouse would be at night, and the others would be any time during the day.

Outfits:
I really like what you guys wear in the music video "Heading South" so I've kept a couple of those looks. For Jennica I'm thinking white cotton dress and cowboy boots/dark jeans and a large-ish long sleeve shirt with graphic tee and black boots. For Jeremy plaid long sleeve shirt, light jeans, and boots/grey t-shirt, dark jeans, and black boots. The idea is to contrast the alt-rock with the country locations. Of course we can play around with all this stuff. Again, I'm only going from what I know about you guys which is mostly based on your reviews! The reviews say Jennica = country and Jeremy = alt-rock but I didn't know if you guys wanted to keep that dynamic or blend it so that you're country kids in a rock world or rockers in a country world. I don't know! :)

Availability:
When are you guys free for me to actually take the pictures? We can break up the photoshoot into multiple days so that we don't have to accomplish all the concepts in one shot. I can work around your schedule since I know you have tour dates and such. Just let me know when you're free.

Questions:
So do you guys have any questions for me? I view photoshoots more as a collaboration than something I direct you guys to do. After all this is supposed to showcase you guys! So feel free to send me your ideas about what you want the photoshoot to look like along with any questions.

Thanks and I hope to hear from you soon!

Kaitlin